# An-IOT-BASED-SMART-CAR-PARKING-SYSTEM-USING-BLYNK-APP
Now a days, main problem in malls, function halls and etc., is parking. It is due to the lack of sufficient parking space. Now a days the vehicles in a family are greater than the head count of the family members, and due to this the vehicles are also increased in the country, which leads to the parking scenario which is unhappily falling short to the current requirements in the country. Due to this parking is difficult and it also increases the time needed to park the vehicle with increase in the fuel consumption of the vehicle. And during the working days the companies and offices are facing the problem of the parking in urban areas. Now a days vehicles are most affordable to the low income group families also and the vehicles especially the cars are taking lot of space. Due to the increase in vehicles the parking space is also not sufficient in this congested cities. Whether at a shopping malls, stations and airport, problems with parking is a big issue. Most of the time people spend their time on searching parking, to park their vehicles. Thus, lot of congestion occurs in the traffic which leads to a tedious job to find the parking space to park their vehicle. The most traffic occurs only because of vehicle congestion in the urban areas thus people are wasting time in searching the parking area abnormally to park their vehicles. And one more issue is also added to this is pollution, which effects the entire environment due to this increase in vehicles.
